Hey everyone this is Sima Leo and Tina Jung, and this is their short film meeting mommy. Hope you like it!
Daddy!
Hi baby
Happy birthday. I am not a baby anymore, I'm 6.
You'll always be daddy's, baby
What time is it? Lunch time.
It's an early lunch, now come on!
You sure you brushed your teeth?
Good girl. Daddy I have a question. Fire away monkey. Why did you marry mommy?
Mmm
Because mommy was the most amazing human being that daddy had ever met. Did you love her? Of course.
Hey, why don't I do your hair?
Anything you want your french braid or how about a half up? No. Thank you. Let's go make lunch. I want to see mommy.
So grilled cheese, huh?
I didn't touch the knife or the stove.
Good girl
Daddy, I have another question. Of course you do. How come I can only see mommy once every year?
Because mommy can't be here very often, Zoey.
Okay
We have been through this babe. Mommy went away.
Weren't you sad when she went away?
Yeah, I was very sad. Were you mad? For a long time, yeah.
But, that's life Zoey sometimes things happen that are outside of your control and you have to choose not to be angry about it forever.
Otherwise, daddy would just be a big grump all the time.
Ketchup?
Come on, lunch is ready. Daddy, you forgot to make one for mommy.
You and I can share.
Come on, let's go.
Ready?
Hi monkey. Hi mommy. Happy birthday!
I bet daddy got you a nice big ice cream cake to share with all your friends.
Can't believe you're turning six today. You must be so big and strong and beautiful.
Zoe this videos gonna be a little different from the usual, okay? But just know that mommy loves you so so much.
Maybe I wish I was with you right now, but sometimes that universe has different plans for us.
And our wishes don't always come true.
Daddy and I are so happy to bring you into this world.
But mommy's body isn't working right?
There's something else growing in me something that's making mommy very, very sick.
Something called cancer.
See cancer isn't like getting the chickenpox or the sniffles.
Mommy has a very rare type of cancer. It was very hard to get better from.
And I'm afraid that my time on earth is almost up.
I wish I can see you ride your first bike...
Take you to dance practice...
Hold you when you're hurting...
But just because I won't be here with you doesn't mean you have to grow up without a mommy.
Are you ready for your present?
These disks contain everything I know about growing up.
I want to teach you to work hard and achieve your goals and dreams, whatever they may be.
Do not be afraid of failing and looking foolish.
I want to teach you about love so that someday you can marry the man of your dreams, or woman, that's okay too.
I pray that you'll live in a world where words like feminist and women's rights are no longer needed.
But just in case, I want to teach you what they mean, and why they're important to me.
But most importantly...
I want you to know that whenever you're feeling lost or alone? I will be right here for you.
All you have to do is press play.
Happy birthday, baby. I will always love you.
Zoey...
Do you have cancer too daddy?
No monkey. I am not going anywhere.
Can you take medicine for cancer?
Well, yes. But why didn't mommy take medicine for her cancer?
Well it's complicated, Zoey, she couldn't. Was it because of me?
Zoey...
The day you were born, you gave mommy the greatest gift she ever could have asked for and we wouldn't have risked that for anything.
The doctor told us that mommy didn't have a lot of time left after you were born.
But because of you,
she fought to be here to support you...
to feed you.
Because of you, I was able to hang on to her for so much longer.
You've saved mommy's life, do you understand?
She lives inside you.
Right here.
I love you daddy. I love you too, babe.
Daddy? Yeah, baby. This one is for you.
Zoey. I think I'm gonna go upstairs for a bit daddy.
Hi John. *laughs*
Hi baby.
Hey, don't act so surprised.
Okay, you're probably wondering what this is?
I love you, so much.
And I know you're doing a great job.
You need a reminder.
Because you're gonna be hard on yourself. I'm proud of you, baby.
Well hope you guys like that I know for sure that when I first watched it, I was like crying. I was like holding back tears crying. Great job, first of all. Thank you.
Congratulations. Thank you. You guys are the writers of this and but you guys also starred in it.
So you guys were wearing a lot of hats of really really amazing work. Thank you.
I have so many things to ask about this because it's a type of story that we haven't really had on Wong Fu before.
Which is a big reason why I was drawn to
wanting to share with our fans. I guess first of all like what was the inspiration behind?
This story or wanting to even make this film.
It's it's so funny that you say that you know it hasn't been something that was done before because it actually
We're so inspired by the work that one food was done in the past with your short films. Oh
Phil is not paying me to say this about
But I love Wang Fu's ability to just like have a real human moment on screen
and so I think that was kind of our first goal was to just be able to move our audience and
Hopefully we've succeeded, but you know it was just the two of us a couple of you know actors
just trying to
Think of a script that they would be able to act together in you know for some reason or another we settled on this
relationship between a mother and her child and more specifically focusing on her love and and just how
Transcendent and powerful that love is right
I mean this idea of like the the lessons in this booklet like per year was like I oh I thought that was just so
Creative it made me actually want to just do that anyways
I'm not you know like thankfully like I'm still here, but it's like maybe I should just do this in case
It's like weird like how did that idea come up was just something you guys just
Aha moment um. I I want to put it in because personally for me
I love making scrapbooks and stuff, but like from a personal level like that
That's something
I would do putting myself in those shoes like because you know if you're giving it to like a six-year-old you have to
frame it in a way that they would understand it alright.
it's kind of like okay like I know you I know how you're gonna grow up as.
Let me put stuff in that you're gonna relate to on that level and also transcend throughout the years
Yeah, I definitely remember when I first pitched that part of this story
I was like what if it's just like a book of DVDs, and you're like no, no, no.
It's all on the cloud have you have either your mom's I feel like I'm guessing they've all watches it they have
Their they're also very supportive yeah, my mom no my mom gave me no it's just oh
Yeah, but she loves doing that that's her way of showing love.
And I understand we got to talk about the Zoey character played by Rebecca.
How did you guys find her she did such an amazing job! [Tina] She did.
Working with kids is such a challenge sometimes especially the younger they go, so yep. Just tell us about working with Rebecca
We got lucky um,
Cuz she came to set she came on set the first day memorized her line. Not only her lines about our lines as well
[Phil] Oh my gosh. And whenever we had like an NG or whenever. She'd be like no. No it's a sign
She would give us like a line read
[Simu] She was our script supervisor. [Tina] She didn't let us go off script by even one single word.
It was too embarrassing.
So the director Tricia who's not here with us today like she's a friend of yours. How'd you guys decide to work with her?
She's also Asian herself like, what was the process of work like collaborating with her as well?
You know Trisha was just a part of our network in Canada
And we were you know we were friends before and I you know when I write things
I like to share it so you know as soon as I wrote the script like I shared it with you
Yeah
I shared it with a bunch of friends of mine and not thinking that you know I would get my director out of it
But actually Trisha read it
And it turns out that she had a very deep and personal connection with the source material
And so she immediately messaged me back and was like I don't know if you found a director yet
But I would love to come aboard and and seeing her
kind of passion and initiative like I knew that I had to I had to have her and we we had to have her because
There was just something about
Her response that kind of clued us into the fact that it meant more to her especially.
It's just something personal way, and I really like brought her in yeah, that's that's really great.
So you just mentioned that you know this your network in Canada for those of you guys that don't know these two are our
friends up north from Canada, we're Canucks!
And they're Asian Canadians
And we're all is talking about like Asian American issues or
Representation in media like do you kind of feel the same way up there like do you feel like we're kind of in the same?
Boat and the same struggles? I mean totally, totally I mean you you know that you know the U.S.
Is a major exporter of culture and as you know being your neighbors,
We consume a lot of it so all you know we consume all the same stuff you guys do we feel the same frustration and
You know we fight the same battles
And you know I'm lucky and actually we're both lucky to be a part of a show in Canada called Kim's convenience that
That does feature kind of an Asian Canadian family as its main cast
but that's just you know that's just one step in in a battle that that needs to be fought over a long time and the
I'm glad that you know we we want to be supportive of like you know creators from not just
America whatever you know we want we know that there's great creators all over the world you know so it's
definitely support of that
And I think it's also great that you know you guys also got women of color involved as well in this project
and it's it's just really great to see that you guys brought on all these different aspects and
We're really proud to share this with our with our audience. Thank you. Thank you. We're still starstruck.
It is still so surreal that we are sitting in Wong Fu's office with Phil, no not at all.
If you want to follow, what Simu and Tina are up to be sure to look at the links below.
They're doing amazing things. We got Kim's convenience watch their show if you're in Canada. They got two seasons already out. That's incredible.
Congratulations, and thanks you guys again for being here. Thank you to see you, and we'll see you guys next time.